DC-Baltimore Perl Workshop 2012
Sponsor's Prospectus

About the DC-Baltimore Perl Workshop

The DC-Baltimore Perl Workshop (DCBPW) is a code-oriented technical
conference for Perl programmers and potential Perl programmers. While
this is the inaugural year for DCBPW, the workshop is being modeled on
a number of successful regional Perl workshops (e.g., Pittsburg Perl
Workshop, Orlando Perl Workshop/Perl Oasis, Frozen Perl, etc.) that
have been held in various parts of the United States over the last
several years. Like these other small regional workshops, we intend
for DCBPW to feature:

* A mix of theory and practice in Perl programming, featuring
  viewpoints from a variety of backgrounds (academic, government,
  enterprise)

* An emphasis on technical talks involving actual code and pragmatic
  applications of material covered

* Low-cost admission to encourage attendance (and free admission for
  students and the currently unemployed)

* An academic-style conference environment that eliminates
  distractions, maintains a strong focus on the content, and promotes
  fellowship and interaction between talented programmers

About this year's conference

This year, we hope to attract between 50 and 100 conference attendees
from various parts of the United States come to the Catonsville campus
of the Community College of Baltimore County (CCBC), just outside
Baltimore. We have had some interest expressed from some potential
European attendees, who are attracted not only by the conference but
also by the variety of tourist attractions available in the area. This
year's conference will feature two tracks, one featuring a variety of
submitted talks and the other focusing on "beginner" level Perl
topics. This track will begin with talks that assume no prior Perl
experience and continue on to feature various aspects of modern Perl
development, including Moose and at least one Perl web framework.

Why sponsor the DC-Baltimore Perl Workshop?

1 - Sponsorship puts you on display. It demonstrates your leadership
    and community involvement to the very professionals that are
    shaping the future of technology.

2 - Sponsorship helps you meet talented future employees. We expect
    DCBPW to attract a diverse selection of talented programmers from
    across the world and concentrate them at one event. This is a
    great way to demonstrate that you are an employer that supports
    things they value; it's also a great opportunity to initiate a
    conversation with these programmers about potential employment
    opportunities you have to offer. One of the great laments about
    Perl in the Baltimore and DC tech communities is how hard it is to
    hire great Perl programmers -- this is a chance to meet a whole
    conference worth of them.

3 - Sponsorship aids a great cause. It supports the programming
    community and the community's traditions of rich technical talks,
    sharing, and fellowship.

How to become a sponsor

Sponsoring is easy: just email sponsors@dcbpw.org and say, "I'm
interested in sponsorship." We'll work something out. In general,
though, here's what we're looking for.

Our budget estimate for DCBPW 2012 is $5,000, which will cover
conference facilities, food service, social gatherings, limited
speaker expenses, printing costs, and other expenses. We are seeking a
few sponsors to underwrite the bulk of these expenses. Ideally, we
would have:

* one event sponsor to underwrite approximately one-half of the
  conference expenses (minimum contribution $2500), in consideration
  for which the sponsor will be prominently recognized on the
  conference web site and in all official conference materials

* two to four contributing sponsors to underwrite the balance of the
  major conference expenses (minimum contribution $500), in
  consideration for which the sponsors will be acknowledged on the
  conference web site and in all official conference materials

* two to four community sponsors to provide limited sponsorship
  (minimum contribution $100) for events such as snack breaks,
  after-event social gatherings, and programming "hackathons".

Please take this opportunity to become a sponsor. Sponsorship is made
in the form of a donation to The Perl Foundation, a 501(c)(3)
non-profit organization with nearly a decade of experience creating
and aiding extremely successful conferences. We and the Perl
Foundation are working closely to ensure the success of what is
hopefully the first of many DC-Baltimore Perl Workshops.

If you have any questions or would like to initiate a sponsorship,
please contact us at sponsors@dcbpw.org.

